{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15300\viewh5780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
tl,dr; I\'92m a web developer that believes the majority of software problems can be solved through the adaptation of existing solutions. I contend that a modern dev\'92s skill is to be found in their ability to quickly assess what the problem is and what preexisting codebases can be used to quickly produce results.  \
\
The Philosophy: \
\
Hello again and welcome to my sandbox, Paul Reinvents Wheels. Why the name you may ask? Well, I\'92m a software developer focused on web technologies, and I would make the case that software development in the modern age is often about taking previously conceived of solutions and adapting them for new problems; hence, reinventing wheels.\
\
It\'92s also true that this space is meant to be a place to showcase some of my development efforts, which, to be honest, are almost always contrived to display an ability through the development of something that probably already exists; hence, reinventing wheels. \
\
I might add that this analysis is underpinned by the idea that all software development is really just problem solving. The question outstanding is how to define the problem and then determining what solution best solves the problem statement while taking into consideration the variables that may parameterize the solution e.g. scalability, longevity, and upfront technical know-how. \
\
Lately, I\'92ve been focused on developing solutions with React in concert with Express and MongoDB. I\'92ve seen this stack referred to as MERN, but I\'92m honestly not sure how frequently that term is thrown around. That said, in my time as a developer I\'92ve also worked on stacks that operated around the likes of Wordpress and Drupal i.e. LAMP. Whatever the technology is, I know myself to be a quick study and take a holistic approach to understanding project development, which is to say that there are many commonalities across languages and frameworks, and I seek to exploit these commonalities for the purpose of rapidly building solutions.\
\
You can learn more about me here as well as get a copy of my resume as a pdf here.\
\
\
https://github.com/fullstack-hy2020/redux-notes.git\
https://github.com/fullstack-hy2020/redux-notes.git}